what I did mark look what I did in my
hands I broke oh you gave me the stone
demon a chisel didn't say how to hold
him did he say give away every piece of
the puzzle to that was that with nothing
what's up guys metaphor 20 here bringing
you another exclusive count dungeon um
this is just some average gameplay i got
but you know as always just my gameplays
you usually just drop a backdrop to be
honest just so not tire if if col de
deux wasn't the thing i'd probably just
talk over a blank screen to be
completely honest because i love the
serum the sound of my voice um but
anyway on to the subject of the video
i'm going to talk about racism and how
people are taking racism and well how
people are taking words and twisting
them to be completely honest because i'm
noticing that a lot within the community
right now and just in in life alone you
know just in the world right now um
basically how i got on to this topic
i've been wanting to do this for a while
um talk about this and that's because i
saw a video that shadow 93 23 did I
think I think that's his name on YouTube
but obviously Jesus if you don't know if
you don't know him where have you been
living but um he did a video about the
real hard times called him a racist
because he said the N word he said nigga
and if you watch this video was in a non
race race assist context it was purely
just something out of sheer boredom just
trying to spice things up and spice
things up it did because the real hard
eight times took it to heart and in case
you don't know the real hard eight times
is is african-american and I can get
where he's coming from I really can but
the thing is
when the N word is used in non-contact
can like in in the am I gonna say
appropriate context to be completely
honest there is no appropriate context
to use such a strong word but I use the
word nigga my friend Aaron my friend
Dominic I've gained with them for a
while now and I me and dominic go back
me and erin go back we're all homies and
we're he I'm not black but they're black
and we call each other nigga all the
time we just words are words guys just
because someone says the N word does not
mean it should be taken into heart and
that they're like some Nazi skinhead
muhfucka what's like burn all the Jews
bernal than you know the the black
people you know the word we have to
realize that the word nigga had a nicker
more importantly has a sketchy past but
we also have to realize that the word
nigga is we're not living in the past
anymore we can create a new few we could
basically create the future for the word
and not take it so immaturely and it's a
mature word i'll get with that and it's
a strong word but it's a word and let's
just put it this way same exists only
because of your beliefs in him racism
with the word nigger only believe only
exists because you still believe it does
and in joking matters which is I used it
in my my one video I was a joke I prize
in a few videos but I'm not a racist
obviously obviously Jesus it's in a
racist people who use the word nigga
aren't racist unless they're like I'm
gonna burn all them damn niggas you know
that's that that's fucked up oh I do not
condone racism at all but if if you're
doing it you know if you're just
trolling around just you know goof
off with some friends I don't see how if
it's a bad thing if it's not if it's
using in appropriate context because if
it's used in racial in you know in some
sort of a racist remark that's fucked up
but and you're probably bad person
you're going to like juvenile because
you're an asshole that's all but
basically the point is don't take all
words to heart I know people do that too
many times and I can understand if
you're african-american and you've been
discriminated against why can't
understand why can I conversion I've
never been there in that situation but I
can understand where it's a touchy
subject but it's a word and you know
some people know how to treat it with
respect other other people are just
assholes and those people are always
going to be assholes and always are
going to use it in racist context and
I'm not one of those people clearly I'm
not a racist because I love the shit out
of market Jay let me just say that if I
could I'd give mark of J a blumpkin but
I'm not gay so but hey nothing wrong
with that either you know anyway I've
been thinking and I recently got a few
videos sent to me from my new
subscribers which thanks all I have
fifteen hundred thousand fifteen hundred
subscribers that was hard to say um and
I just want to thank you all 15,000
people in the world are awesome a 1500
peeps saying 15,000 hopefully we'll get
15,000 I'm not gonna jump you know jump
ahead of myself I'm just uh I'm just
along for the ride you know and but I
was thinking since I'm getting people
you know subscribing from this and I can
see that that mark of J really wants to
help the community and you know I kind
of want to spread the love you know uh
here's the thing though how many people
would submit videos to me if I were to
start doing some sort of a weekly um you
know not subscriber Tuesday because I
don't want to check you know mark of
Jays idea way too much but it's just
something to give back the love that
I've received
the mark of Jays fans um you know just
again just something to help the
community because this point it's dying
off and people are just getting fixed at
around money and that's not what I want
to see because I I liked it better when
it was just when this shit was just for
fun because that's what I do I just calm
table on board just for the fuck of it
and but yeah how many people would
submit videos to me if I were to do a
weekly thing where I would like maybe
common you can commentate if you want
you know just we'll get into it after I
hear some responses from my subscribers
um just leave a comment tell me if you'd
be interested but I do have it would
probably be like two to three videos
they probably like 12 2 depending
because I have really bad internet but
anyway I would like to thank you guys
for sitting through seven minutes of me
wasting your life and your precious time
and Boks bass for the win take care guys
love you all